Add Lighttpd configuration for URL Rewrite (#6591)
cakephp/docs: en/installation.rst

Once the web.config file is created with the correct IIS-friendly rewrite rules,
CakePHP's links, CSS, JavaScript, and rerouting should work correctly.

Lighttpd
--------

> Lighttpd does not make use of .htaccess files like Apache, so it is necessary to add a url.rewrite-once configuration in **conf/lighttpd.conf**. This is a complete example of adding a cake php application to lighttpd configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lighttpd does not make use of **.htaccess** files like Apache, so it is necessary to add a url.rewrite-once configuration in **conf/lighttpd.conf**. This is a complete example of adding a CakePHP application to lighttpd configuration:
```

.. code-block:: php
    
    server.modules += (
        "mod_alias",
        "mod_cgi",
        "mod_rewrite"
    )
    
    # Directory Alias
    alias.url       = ( "/TestCake" => "C:/Users/Nicola/Documents/TestCake" )
    
    # CGI Php
    cgi.assign      = ( ".php" => "c:/php/php-cgi.exe" )
    
    # Rewrite Cake Php (with /TestCake subdomain)
    url.rewrite-once = (
        "^/TestCake/(css|files|img|js|stats)/(.*)$" => "/TestCake/webroot/$1/$2",
        "^/TestCake/(.*)$" => "/TestCake/webroot/index.php/$1"
    )

> The above lines include also the php configuration and an alias configuration for an example application to publish on the subdomain /TestCake.

Reviewer: Is this a subdomain? It looks like a path.

Author: Ok, a path.
